About recipes A and S:
1st: they dont drop
2nd: there's no 100% recipes for A and S, they exist in the database, but in the game they cant be obtained
3rd: there are multiple quests for those, such as: 

A Grade Recipes:

Whisper in Dreams (Giran) (robes)
Kali's Magic Coin (Hunters Village) (weapons)
Exploration of the Giant's Cave (Giant's Cave) (Armors)
Legacy of Insolence (Aden) (Glove/Helm/Boots)
A Powerful Primeval Creature  (weapons)

S Grade Recipes

Imperial Tomb, Relics of the Old Empire (S grade weapon)
After you get 1k relics, take Four Goblets quest and go 4 sepulchers. After 4s you'll be teleported in a room,
Pilgrims Room where's a npc wich will give you what S weapon recipe you want. 

Forge of the Gods, Gather the Flames (S grade weapon):
Every mob has a chance to drop a "Torch" (the quest item), some mobs drop 2 in a time.
When you get 1000 you can exchange for a random recipe of a S Grade Weapon.
When you get 1200 you can exchange for a S Grade Weapon recipe of your choice.

Take Alliance with ketra or varka quest. I'll suggest you to take Alliance with Ketra, so you can fight in Varka, because in Varka are a lots of great spots and mobs are easier.
To reach the part where you can take S recipes you'll need Ally Mark lvl 5 with Ketra.
Ally 1 : 100 soldiers ; Ally 2 : 200 soldiers and 100 captains;
Ally 3 : 300 soldiers, 200 captains, 100 generals;
Ally 4 : 300 soldiers, 300 captains, 200 generals and take another quest from Hierarch Kadun Zu who's in ketra, a quest called : Prove Your Courage; After you take this quest go kill a RB in Varka called Shadith.
You need to be in last hit party, so you can take a quest item called Totem
Of Valor. Return to Wahkan (ketra) and you'll have ally 4 with ketra orcs.
Ally 5 : 400 Soldiers, 400 captains, 200 generals and take another quest
from Hierarch Kadun Zu again, a quest called : Slay the enemy commander; After you take this quest go kill a RB in Varka called Varka's Commander Mos. You need to be in last hit party, so you can take a quest item called 1 Totem Of Wisdom. Return to Wahkan and you'll have ally 5.
When you have ally 5 you'll be able to buy Purple and Red bags wich will give you random S armor recipes. You need 2500 Varka's Manes to take a Purple Bag. If you double click it, there's a chance to get main armor recipes or adena ; 80% chance S armor rec; 20% chance adena.
Last time i clicked on one of those i'd got Recipe Draconic Leather Armor 60%.
You need 750 Varka's Manes to take a Red Bag. If you double click it, there's a chance to get S boots/gloves/helm/shield recipes or adena ; 85% chance to get a recipe and 15% to get adena. 